Document DataCue interface, constructor, and properties (#43087)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/datacue/value/index.md

---
title: "DataCue: value property"
short-title: value
slug: Web/API/DataCue/value
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.DataCue.value
---

{{APIRef("WebVTT")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`value`** property of the {{domxref("DataCue")}} interface represents the data payload of the cue. Unlike {{domxref("VTTCue")}}, which carries text content, `DataCue` can hold any data type — such as a {{Glossary("JSON")}} object, a string, or an {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} — making it suitable for timed metadata use cases where structured data needs to be synchronized with media playback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`value`** property of the {{domxref("DataCue")}} interface represents the data payload of the cue. Unlike {{domxref("VTTCue")}}, which carries text content, `DataCue` can hold any data type — such as a JavaScript object, a string, or an {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} — making it suitable for timed metadata use cases where structured data needs to be synchronized with media playback.
```

It's only JSON when it's being transmitted. By the time it is used inside JavaScript, it is an object (or a string, before it has been parsed)
